확인해야할 것
- 레벨 시스템이 정상적으로 적용되는지
- 다양한 기능을 가진 원이 나타나는지

Test Case 1: Circle Emerging

Test Description: Verify that the circle emerges in random cycle and the radius increases at a constant rate
Test Steps: 
1. Start the game
2. Wait till the circle emerges
3. Verify that the circle's radius increases in constant rate
4. Verify that whether the game ends when circle's radius became max
5. Verify that the circles are not be overlapped
6. Verify that the circles emerge in the right place
Expected Outcome: The circle emerges in random cycle, at the center of each section. And get bigger in constant rate.

Test Case 2: User Interaction

Test Description: Verify that the circle get smaller when user clicks it.
Test Steps: 
1. Start the game
2. Wait until the circle emerges
3. Verify when the user clicks to circle, it gets smaller
4. Verify when the radius becomes smaller than 1, the circle extinguish
Expected Outcome: The increasing circle gets smaller when the user clicks on it.

Test Case 3: Score System

Test Description: Verify that the score system operates well
Test Steps: 
1. Start the game
2. Check wheter the scoreboard is visible
3. Verify the score increases in time
4. Verify the score increases when the circle is extinguished
5. Verify when the game ended, score comes out 
Expected Outcome: The score will increase as the time goes, and when the user extinguish the circle, it will increase too. After the game ends, scoreboard will pop out.

Test Case 4: Level System

Test Description: Verify that the level system operates well
Test Steps: 
1. Start the game
2. Check the level-showing section
3. Play the game more than 1 minute, and check the level-showing section
4. Verify the increasing rate of circle's radius has been increased 
5. Verify the cycle that the circle emerges has been decreased
Expected Outcome: Every 1 minute, the level will be elevated and will be shown in level-showing section. It will change the rate of emerging cycle and increasing rate

Test Case 5: Multiple circles

Test Description: Verify that the other functioned circles emerge
Test Steps: 
1. Start the game
2. Play the game until it gets level 2
3. Check wheter the blue-circle emerges, and verify it functions well
4. Play the game until level 3
5. Check the blinking circle emerges, and verify it functions well
Expected Outcome: Blue circle will emerge from level 2, blinking circle will emerge from level 3. Each circle has a special function.